Ran Ran although that is your mother
But she has played the role of contradicting His Royal Highness many times
It is Lord Chiying if there is nothing
now
Only this Phoenix Order can represent His Royal Highness the War Emperor
Shi Yun
must die
I hand over the phoenix's life to you
It's for you to bully me
They didn't use it to bully people
Shi Yun
At this time, are you still a dead duck with a hard mouth?
I hand over the phoenix power to Ran Ran
I hope he is in danger
For personal protection
I'm here now.
Phoenix power is useless enough
Still bluffing here
Do you think it's a drag on me?
As a child, you knew
I'm just a stall selling barbecues
shameful
But you have to set up a stall near my school
You don't dislike it, I dislike it.
It still is.
All over the country
Who doesn't want to be favored by the summoned lord?
I finally got hurt in my heart
And you're pretending to be him to piss you off
You say you are my mother
But all the moms in the world
Which one is as useless as you?
Vicious mind
I want to destroy myself
Since His Royal Highness has given me this token
Then I'll do it alone.
Shi Yun, your heart is like the Dai people
The invited tenders
Adversity has no way out
Shi Ranran, you are the vicious person
You can even do it to your own mother
Shi Ranran
You said there is no one in the world like me
Useless mother
There are people in the world like you for glory and wealth
What about people who want to cut ties with their biological mother?
Is it but
I'm not your biological daughter
You won't know
Your true daughter is by your side